Update set up instructions and include context of the dedicated client. (#11)
zhliau/fika-headless-docker: README.md

    + [Building](#building)
    + [Using an Nvidia GPU in the container](#using-an-nvidia-gpu-in-the-container)

# Dedicated Client

## What is a Dedicated Client?

A dedicated client in the context of FIKA and SPT is essentially a separate instance of the game client that runs in a headless mode to host raids. It acts as a "silent player" that hosts the raid, allowing other players to join without one of them having to host the raid on their own machine.

- **Offloading Raid Hosting**: By using a dedicated client, the computational load of hosting a raid is offloaded from the player's machine to the dedicated client. This can improve performance for players, especially those with less powerful hardware.
- **Consistent Hosting**: Ensures that the raid hosting environment is consistent, as it runs on a dedicated server with stable resources.

> - **Centralized Mod Management**: With ModSync, mods can be managed centrally on the server, ensuring all clients have the correct versions.

Reviewer: While this is true, this doesn't have much to do with the dedicated client, since the central mod source of truth exists on the SPT backend server. Was there a reason to include this that I'm missing?

Perhaps we can mention something about the dedicated client ensuring standardized raid settings regarding AI, difficulty, and spawning?

Author: @zhliau Ah yea. I had written it out with this Docker container in mind. I replaced this bullet point with your suggestion.

     - `PROFILE_ID` to the profile ID obtained in step 3.

     - `SERVER_URL` to your server's URL or IP address.

     - `SERVER_PORT` to your server's port (usually `6969`).

     - Optionally, set `USE_MODSYNC` to `true` if you are using [Corter-ModSync](https://github.com/c-orter/modsync/) for plugin synchronization.

   - **Run the Docker Container**:

     ```shell
     docker run --name fika_dedicated \
       -v /path/to/fika:/opt/tarkov \
       -e PROFILE_ID=blah \
       -e SERVER_URL=your.spt.server.ip \
       -e SERVER_PORT=6969 \
       -p 25565:25565/udp \
       ghcr.io/zhliau/fika-headless-docker:latest
     ```

     With docker-compose file:
     ```yaml
     services:
       fika_dedicated:
         image: ghcr.io/zhliau/fika-headless-docker:latest
         container_name: fika_dedi
         volumes:
           - /host/path/to/fika:/opt/tarkov
         environment:
           - PROFILE_ID=adadadadadadaadadadad
           - SERVER_URL=your.spt.server.ip
           - SERVER_PORT=6969
           - USE_MODSYNC=true # If you want to use modsync on this dedicated client
         ports:
           - 25565:25565/udp
     ```

>      If you are running the SPT server in docker, you can make use of docker-compose's network DNS to connect the dedicated client to the SPT server:

Reviewer: I know I originally wrote this part of the line, but while you're in here, I think this would be better as 
```suggestion
     If you are running the SPT server as a service in the same docker-compose stack, you can make use of docker-compose's network DNS to resolve the SPT server from the dedicated client:
```
